Update readme to reflect maturity (#26)
asmap/asmap-data: README.md

# ASMap Data Repository

> This repository holds recently created ASMap files encoded for use in Bitcoin Core. Any map included here has been created collaboratively between multiple participants (coordinated in an issues) and verified (in a following pull request). The process is outlined in further detail on [Delving Bitcoin](https://delvingbitcoin.org/t/asmap-creation-process/548).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository holds recently created ASMap files encoded for use in Bitcoin Core. Any map included here has been created collaboratively between multiple participants (coordinated in an issue) and verified (in a follow-up pull request). The process is outlined in further detail on [Delving Bitcoin](https://delvingbitcoin.org/t/asmap-creation-process/548).
```

Author: Thanks, taken.
